Changed default channel settings to 32 (#428)
cbrnr/mnelab: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD
### Added

> - Add channel parameter to settings dialog and set default to 32 channels  ([#428](https://github.com/cbrnr/mnelab/pull/428) by [Dennis Wambacher](https://github.com/d3njo))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add initial number of displayed channels in the raw plot to settings dialog and set default to 32 channels ([#428](https://github.com/cbrnr/mnelab/pull/428) by [Dennis Wambacher](https://github.com/d3njo))
```
